README.md, before:

# ToDo Project

> This is a ToDo project made with Vue JS
It stores the data in Local Storage  
> It has unit tests with jest

[![Build Status](https://badgen.net/travis/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue?icon=travis)](https://travis-ci.org/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/35949db2-73aa-4155-b376-e36ad9a163ec/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/todo-vue-tasks/deploys)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=julio-cesar-development_todo-vue&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=julio-cesar-development_todo-vue)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue?branch=master)
[![GitHub Status](https://badgen.net/github/status/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue)](https://github.com/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue)

See project [ToDo Vue JS](https://todo-vue-tasks.netlify.com)

## Project setup

> Running with docker

```bash
docker image build --tag todo-vue .
docker container run --name todo-vue -p 80:80 todo-vue
```

> Running appart

```bash
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```bash
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```bash
npm run build
```

### Run your tests

```bash
# run tests
npm run test

# run tests in watch mode
npm run test:tdd
```

### Lints and fixes files

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Authors

* **Julio Cesar** - *Initial work* - [Blackdevs](https://blackdevs.com.br)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Add Terraform and kubernetes ingress
Signed-off-by: Julio Cesar <julioscheidt@hotmail.com>

README.md, after:

# ToDo Project

> This is a ToDo project made with Vue JS
It stores the data in Local Storage  
> It has unit tests with jest

[![Build Status](https://badgen.net/travis/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue?icon=travis)](https://travis-ci.org/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue)
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/35949db2-73aa-4155-b376-e36ad9a163ec/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/todo-vue-tasks/deploys)
[![Quality Gate Status](https://sonarcloud.io/api/project_badges/measure?project=julio-cesar-development_todo-vue&metric=alert_status)](https://sonarcloud.io/dashboard?id=julio-cesar-development_todo-vue)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue?branch=master)
[![GitHub Status](https://badgen.net/github/status/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue)](https://github.com/julio-cesar-development/todo-vue)

See project [ToDo Vue JS](https://todo-vue-tasks.netlify.com)

## Project setup

> Running with docker

```bash
docker image build --tag todo-vue .
docker container run --name todo-vue -p 80:80 todo-vue
```

> Running with kubernetes

```bash
kubectl apply -f ./k8s
```

> Running with Terraform

```bash
terraform init
terraform apply -auto-approve
# or run the script
./run-terraform.sh
```

> Running appart

```bash
npm install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development

```bash
npm run serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production

```bash
npm run build
```

### Run your tests

```bash
# run tests
npm run test

# run tests in watch mode
npm run test:tdd
```

### Lints and fixes files

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Authors

* **Julio Cesar** - *Initial work* - [Blackdevs](https://blackdevs.com.br)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
